Sparsification update (#51)
neuralmagic/deepsparse: README.md

This repository includes package APIs along with examples to quickly get started learning about and actually running sparse models.

## Sparsification

> Sparsification is the process of taking a trained deep learning model and removing redundant information from the over precise and over parameterized network resulting in a faster and smaller model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sparsification is the process of taking a trained deep learning model and removing redundant information from the overprecise and over-parameterized network resulting in a faster and smaller model.
```

Techniques for sparsification are all encompassing including everything from inducing sparsity using [pruning](https://neuralmagic.com/blog/pruning-overview/) and [quantization](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.07061) to enabling naturally occurring sparsity using [activation sparsity](http://proceedings.mlr.press/v119/kurtz20a.html) or [winograd/FFT](https://arxiv.org/abs/1509.09308). 
When implemented correctly, these techniques result in significantly more performant and smaller models with limited to no effect on the baseline metrics.

> For example, pruning plus quantization can give over [7x improvements in performance](resnet50link) while recovering to nearly the same baseline.

Reviewer 2: "baseline" -> "baseline accuracy"

> For example, pruning plus quantization can give over [7x improvements in performance](resnet50link) while recovering to nearly the same baseline.

Reviewer 2: nit: placeholder link [7x improvements in performance](resnet50link)

Author: waiting on the link to be provided to include here

> The DeepSparse product suite builds on top of sparsification enabling you to easily apply the techniques to your datasets/models using recipe driven approaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DeepSparse product suite builds on top of sparsification enabling you to easily apply the techniques to your datasets and models using recipe-driven approaches.
```

Recipes encode the directions for how to sparsify a model into a simple, easily editable format.

> Download a sparsification recipe/sparsified model from the [SparseZoo](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparsezoo) or create one using [Sparsify](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparsify), apply it using [SparseML](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml) with only a few lines of code, and deploy with the [DeepSparse Engine](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse) for unprecedented performance on CPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download a sparsification recipe and sparsified model from the [SparseZoo](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparsezoo).
- Alternatively, create a recipe for your model using [Sparsify](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparsify).
- Apply your recipe with only a few lines of code using [SparseML](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml).
- Finally, for GPU-level performance on CPUs, deploy your sparse-quantized model with the [DeepSparse Engine](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse).

```

> Visualization of the full product flow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Full Deep Sparse product flow:**  
```

## Quick Tour

To expedite inference and benchmarking on real models, we include the `sparsezoo` package. [SparseZoo](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparsezoo) hosts inference-optimized models, trained on repeatable sparsification recipes using state-of-the-art techniques from [SparseML](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml).

### Quickstart with SparseZoo ONNX Models

**ResNet-50 Dense**

Here is how to quickly perform inference with DeepSparse Engine on a pre-trained dense ResNet-50 from SparseZoo.

```python
from deepsparse import compile_model
from sparsezoo.models import classification

batch_size = 64

# Download model and compile as optimized executable for your machine
model = classification.resnet_50()
engine = compile_model(model, batch_size=batch_size)

# Fetch sample input and predict output using engine
inputs = model.data_inputs.sample_batch(batch_size=batch_size)
outputs, inference_time = engine.timed_run(inputs)
```

**ResNet-50 Sparsified**

When exploring available optimized models, you can use the `Zoo.search_optimized_models` utility to find models that share a base.

> Let us try this on the dense ResNet-50 to see what is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try this on the dense ResNet-50 to see what is available:
```

```python
from sparsezoo import Zoo
from sparsezoo.models import classification

model = classification.resnet_50()
print(Zoo.search_optimized_models(model))
```

Output:

```shell
[
    Model(stub=cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/base-none), 
    Model(stub=cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned-conservative), 
    Model(stub=cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned-moderate), 
    Model(stub=cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned_quant-moderate), 
    Model(stub=cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet-augmented/pruned_quant-aggressive)
]
```

We can see there are two pruned versions targeting FP32 and two pruned, quantized versions targeting INT8.
The `conservative`, `moderate`, and `aggressive` tags recover to 100%, >=99%, and <99% of baseline accuracy respectively.

> Let's say that we want something that recovers close to the baseline and is very performant, we can choose the pruned_quant-moderate model.

Reviewer 2: word choice: "something"

> Let's say that we want something that recovers close to the baseline and is very performant, we can choose the pruned_quant-moderate model.

Reviewer 2: should we briefly explain that pruned_quant means pruned and quantized?  Also do we explain what "moderate" means in this context?

Author: In the sentences above this, I list out that it is a pruned, quantized version. And in the intro we link out to what pruning and quantization is

> Let's say that we want a version of ResNet-50 that recovers close to the baseline and is very performant, we can choose the pruned_quant-moderate model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a version of ResNet-50 that recovers close to the baseline and is very performant, choose the pruned_quant-moderate model.
```

> This model will run [nearly 7 times faster](linktoresnet50example) than the baseline model on a compatible CPU (VNNI instruction set enabled).

Reviewer 2: placeholder link: `[nearly 7 times faster](linktoresnet50example) `

Author: waiting on the link to be provided to include here

> This model will run [nearly 7 times faster](linktoresnet50example) than the baseline model on a compatible CPU (VNNI instruction set enabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This model will run [nearly 7x faster](linktoresnet50example) than the baseline model on a compatible CPU (with the VNNI instruction set enabled).
```

For hardware compatibility, see the Hardware Support section.

```python
from deepsparse import compile_model
import numpy

batch_size = 64
sample_inputs = [numpy.random.randn(batch_size, 3, 224, 224).astype(numpy.float32)]

# run baseline benchmarking
engine_base = compile_model(
    model="zoo:cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/base-none", 
    batch_size=batch_size,
)
benchmarks_base = engine_base.benchmark(sample_inputs)
print(benchmarks_base)

# run sparse benchmarking
engine_sparse = compile_model(
    model="zoo:cv/classification/resnet_v1-50/pytorch/sparseml/imagenet/pruned_quant-moderate", 
    batch_size=batch_size,
)
if not engine_sparse.cpu_vnni:
    print("WARNING: VNNI instructions not detected, quantization speedup not well supported")
benchmarks_sparse = engine_sparse.benchmark(sample_inputs)
print(benchmarks_sparse)

print(f"Speedup: {benchmarks_sparse.items_per_second / benchmarks_base.items_per_second:.2f}x")
```

> ### Quickstart with custom ONNX models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Quickstart with Custom ONNX Models
```
